README.md, before:

# DMT-core

[![pyversion](https://img.shields.io/badge/python->3.8-blue?logo=python)](https://docs.python.org/3.8/)
[![Build Status](https://gitlab.com/dmt-development/dmt-core/badges/main/pipeline.svg)](https://gitlab.com/dmt-development/dmt-core/-/pipelines)
[![Coverage](https://gitlab.com/dmt-development/dmt-core/-/jobs/artifacts/main/raw/badge_coverage.svg?job=test_DMT)](https://gitlab.com/dmt-development/dmt-core/-/jobs/artifacts/main/file/htmlcov/index.html?job=test_DMT)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![status](https://joss.theoj.org/papers/f9829bb4e4c10b85144b22f888756045/status.svg)](https://joss.theoj.org/papers/f9829bb4e4c10b85144b22f888756045)

[![logo](https://gitlab.com/uploads/-/system/project/avatar/33580822/DMT_Logo_wText.png)](https://gitlab.com/uploads/-/system/project/avatar/33580822/DMT_Logo_wText.png)

DeviceModelingToolkit (DMT) is a Python tool targeted at helping modeling engineers extract model parameters, run circuit and TCAD simulations and automate their infrastructure.

See the [DMT-website](https://dmt-development.gitlab.io/dmt-core/index.html) for further information.

## Installation

After installing python 3.8 or later, simply install the release version using

```bash

    python3 -m pip install DMT-core[full]

```

For more information have a look at our [install guide](https://dmt-development.gitlab.io/dmt-core/installation/install_dmt.html)

### Pull Request Process

1. Ensure any install or build dependencies are removed before the end of the layer when doing a build.
2. If necessary add additional documentation to the new features you implemented.
3. Update the CHANGELOG with your changes and increase the version numbers in the changed files to the new version that this Pull Request would represent. The versioning scheme we use is [SemVer](http://semver.org/).
4. Update the README.md with details of changes to the interface, this includes new environment variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.
5. You may assign to merge the Pull Request to one of the owners or maintainers to execute the merge.

## Authors

- M. Müller | Markus.Mueller@semimod.de
- M. Krattenmacher | Mario.Krattenmacher@semimod.de
- P. Kuthe | jarodkuthe@protonmail.com

### Contributing

More contributors and merge-requests are always welcome. When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue, email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

Contact Markus or Mario, if you are interested to join the team permanently.

### Pull Request Process

1. Ensure any install or build dependencies are removed before the end of the layer when doing a build.
2. If necessary add additional documentation to the new features you implemented.
3. Update the CHANGELOG with your changes and increase the version numbers in the changed files to the new version that this Pull Request would represent. The versioning scheme we use is [SemVer](http://semver.org/).
4. Update the README.md with details of changes to the interface, this includes new environment variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.
5. You may assign to merge the Pull Request to one of the owners or maintainers to execute the merge.

## License

This project is licensed under GLP-v3-or-later

Commit message:

moved the user config to more standard paths

README.md, after:

# DMT-core

[![pyversion](https://img.shields.io/badge/python->3.8-blue?logo=python)](https://docs.python.org/3.8/)
[![Build Status](https://gitlab.com/dmt-development/dmt-core/badges/main/pipeline.svg)](https://gitlab.com/dmt-development/dmt-core/-/pipelines)
[![Coverage](https://gitlab.com/dmt-development/dmt-core/-/jobs/artifacts/main/raw/badge_coverage.svg?job=test_DMT)](https://gitlab.com/dmt-development/dmt-core/-/jobs/artifacts/main/file/htmlcov/index.html?job=test_DMT)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![status](https://joss.theoj.org/papers/f9829bb4e4c10b85144b22f888756045/status.svg)](https://joss.theoj.org/papers/f9829bb4e4c10b85144b22f888756045)

[![logo](https://gitlab.com/uploads/-/system/project/avatar/33580822/DMT_Logo_wText.png)](https://gitlab.com/uploads/-/system/project/avatar/33580822/DMT_Logo_wText.png)

DeviceModelingToolkit (DMT) is a Python tool targeted at helping modeling engineers extract model parameters, run circuit and TCAD simulations and automate their infrastructure.

See the [DMT-website](https://dmt-development.gitlab.io/dmt-core/index.html) for further information.

## Installation

After installing python 3.8 or later, simply install the release version using

```bash

    python3 -m pip install DMT-core[full]

```

For more information have a look at our [install guide](https://dmt-development.gitlab.io/dmt-core/installation/install_dmt.html)

Currently DMT is developed mostly on Ubuntu using Python 3.10. So for the easiest install this is the best supported plattform. 
If you want or have to use Windows and MacOS there may be more dependency and installation issues, although needed projects we use support these plattforms. Please report these issues to us. In our install guide, we collect guides to solve the already known issues.


### Pull Request Process

1. Ensure any install or build dependencies are removed before the end of the layer when doing a build.
2. If necessary add additional documentation to the new features you implemented.
3. Update the CHANGELOG with your changes and increase the version numbers in the changed files to the new version that this Pull Request would represent. The versioning scheme we use is [SemVer](http://semver.org/).
4. Update the README.md with details of changes to the interface, this includes new environment variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.
5. You may assign to merge the Pull Request to one of the owners or maintainers to execute the merge.

## Authors

- M. Müller | Markus.Mueller@semimod.de
- M. Krattenmacher | Mario.Krattenmacher@semimod.de
- P. Kuthe | jarodkuthe@protonmail.com

### Contributing

More contributors and merge-requests are always welcome. When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue, email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

Contact Markus or Mario, if you are interested to join the team permanently.

### Pull Request Process

1. Ensure any install or build dependencies are removed before the end of the layer when doing a build.
2. If necessary add additional documentation to the new features you implemented.
3. Update the CHANGELOG with your changes and increase the version numbers in the changed files to the new version that this Pull Request would represent. The versioning scheme we use is [SemVer](http://semver.org/).
4. Update the README.md with details of changes to the interface, this includes new environment variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.
5. You may assign to merge the Pull Request to one of the owners or maintainers to execute the merge.

## License

This project is licensed under GLP-v3-or-later
