.gitlab/issue_templates/bug_report.md, before:

## Summary

(Summarize the bug encountered concisely)

## Steps to reproduce

(How one can reproduce the issue - this is very important)

## Example Project

(If possible, please create an example project here on GitLab.com that exhibits the problematic
behavior, and link to it here in the bug report.
If you are using an older version of GitLab, this will also determine whether the bug has been fixed
in a more recent version)

## What is the current bug behavior?

(What actually happens)

## What is the expected correct behavior?

(What you should see instead)

## Relevant logs and/or screenshots

(Paste any relevant logs - please use code blocks (```) to format console output, logs, and code, as
it's very hard to read otherwise.

You can activate the logging package using:

```python
import logging
# --->Setup for log
logging.basicConfig(
    level=logging.DEBUG,
    format="%(levelname)s - %(message)s",
    filename=PATH_TO_LOG_FILE,
    filemode="w",
)
```
Paste this together with other relevant stuff.
)

## Possible fixes

(If you can, link to the line of code that might be responsible for the problem)

/label ~bug ~reproduced ~needs-investigation
/assign @mario.k

Commit message:

more templates and also readme update

.gitlab/issue_templates/bug_report.md, after:

## Summary

(Summarize the bug encountered concisely)

## Steps to reproduce

(How one can reproduce the issue - this is very important)

## Environment (please complete the following information):
 - OS: [e.g. macOS, Linux, Windows]
 - Python Version: [3.8, 3.9, 3.10]
 - DMT version [e.g. 1.5.0]
 - (pip freeze)
 - Used interface versions: [eg. ngspice-36, ...]

## Example Project

(If possible, please create an example project/file that exhibits the problematic
behavior, and link to it here in the bug report.)

## What is the current bug behavior?

(What actually happens)

## What is the expected correct behavior?

(What you should see instead)

## Relevant logs and/or screenshots

(Paste any relevant logs - please use code blocks (```) to format console output, logs, and code, as
it's very hard to read otherwise.

You can activate the logging package using:

```python
import logging
# --->Setup for log
logging.basicConfig(
    level=logging.DEBUG,
    format="%(levelname)s - %(message)s",
    filename=PATH_TO_LOG_FILE,
    filemode="w",
)
```
Paste this together with other relevant stuff.
)

## Possible fixes

(If you can, link to the line of code that might be responsible for the problem)

/label ~bug ~reproduced ~needs-investigation
/assign @mario.k
